[AIR WHOOSHING]
[LOGO WHOOSHING]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> The suns are portals.
The sun is a portal.
Therefore, what looks
bright is the exit.
The entrance, or
negative sun, is
in central part constellation of
Andromeda and in a black hole.
They create an energetic toroid,
plus-minus, like everything
else that works with the
toroid as a geometric form
of manifestation
of consciousness
potential energy matter.
The entrance is a black hole.
The exit is a sun.
It is the very energy
of an energetic entity
that is the sun or stars.
Not all of it's being
is on this one plane.
So only a part is perceived.
A hole in three
dimensions is a sphere.
Therefore, the entrance
and the exit are spherical.
They always wrongly portrayed
the black holes as a funnel.
It is correct, but
partially: they
are spherical holes that can
be accessed from any direction.
Black hole above; under
it a white hole or star.
Something to clarify in passing.
You enter from a black hole
in the Andromeda constellation
and exit from the sun.
But if you enter via the
sun, you exit behind Tauro:
wormhole entrance that
exits from the sun (M33)
in parentheses, Spiral
Galaxy Messier 33.
You come out from that
direction as seen from Earth.
You do not come out of M33
as it is much further away.
The nature of a wormhole
is much more complex
than what you see
at first sight.
It's not just a tube,
as is said on Earth.
There is a complex system based
on frequencies in its interior.
Everything connected
from the ether.
All the suns and
all the black holes
are connected in their
interior, creating
with the proper knowledge
of frequency mapping
a whole communication system
that can take you anywhere
in the galaxy and the universe.
Going back to the toroids, it
is the geometric creative form
of all matter in basic
or primordial form
from an atom, a molecule,
a living cell, to an apple.
A planet, a sun,
and even the galaxy.
They are all toroids.
This also checks with
mathematics and geometry
applied to the mechanics of the
manifestation that the Earth
cannot be flat because,
again, it is a toroid.
This is why there are
openings at the poles.
Everything is a toroid
or part of a toroid.
So the sun is not a
thermonuclear bomb,
as they say, but a localized
energetic point of attention,
which is why it shines.
But logically, it
has other parts,
parts from where its
energy originates
that gets recycled
constantly with the dynamics
of the flow of its toroid.
Although, you cannot perceive it
all from the limited to certain
frequencies point of view,
as is the 3D perception.
There are other parts of the
sun there that we cannot see.
And in itself, the sun
is only one more piece
in the fabric of the universe,
a complement as a spell
is to an organic body.
So it is a toroid that is
part of something larger, that
in turn is part of
something else even larger.
This is not only
Taygetan science.
Humans are already picking
up on it with experiments,
such as the double-slit,
where a photon is
a wave of potential energy when
it does not receive attention
or is a particle when
someone is looking at it.
This is the principal or
the most basic example
by which all matter exists.
Simply what has more
attention is more attention.
It grows and
accumulates complexity.
The consciousness too,
because in itself,
there is only one consciousness,
the supreme eye of the source.
And every person,
every consciousness,
not only is a part of said
consciousness by right.;
it is the very
same consciousness.
Therefore, what a person
sees and perceives
is by right their reality.
>> Can there be a collision
between black holes?
>> They happen at internal
level because they are connected
inside, but this
is more etheric.
Yes, a collision is
possible, nothing usual.
>> Black hole photography?
>> In the most extreme case,
you can only photograph what is
going on there as long
as it emits light.
And that is another
problem because the hole
itself would absorb the
light emitted by the entering
object even from a distance.
This is the excuse for the
color red in the photograph.
With red light, the
visible light spectrum
would be towards
the reds because it
has the longest wavelength.
There is an intrinsic
problem in that image.
The hole is shown in 2D.
It is flat like a disk.
The other components are
human classifications
that by themselves do
not have to be invalid.
I'm going to show you
something that looks more
like a real black hole.
The hole is a sphere that
absorbs everything equally
from any direction.
>> But would it
be a sphere in 3D?
XYZ?
>> It wouldn't produce a swirl
like water falling through
a hole.
In the image, what
you see is not
the hole but the
absence of other things
in the region in space.
Yes, it would be an XYZ sphere
that absorbs everything.
Just that by its very
nature, you don't see it.
And in this image,
the black hole
would be something in
the center of that void.
>> But could it also absorb
your ships without your wanting
to, or can you always control
being absorbed or not?
>> They cannot see the black
hole because it absorbs all
the light that is near it, but
they can see another sphere
that is the exit from
the same black hole.
There is an element
of whirlpool there,
but it could be because
the light coming
from the other side bends as
it approaches the black hole's
zone of influence, but
that is in the case
of many light sources behind it.
The sphere that is the exit, and
therefore a toroid, is the sun.
The suns, from a certain
point of view, are hollow.
Not exactly like a
hollow ball, but as
an entrance or exit of a
tunnel with more than three
dimensions, but
understandable as XYZ.
The energy enters through
the black hole and exits
through the sun,
making a toroid.
The influence of
this toroid can be
several thousands
of light-years,
and it's all intertwined.
Every sun has its black
hole, and every hole
needs its opposite sun.
But it is not one-to-one as a
sun is connected to other suns
and to other black holes.
And black holes are
connected to others as well.
They do have more
prominent connections
with some over others.
We talk about absolute
compression of critical mass.
They all have this quality, or
they would not be black holes.
>> If the black hole
didn't swallow anything,
would the sun go out?
>> Not exactly because
it is a toroid.
It feeds back on itself.
The outer part of the toroid
or the orange peel part
is on the ether side.
It is in itself an enormous
zero-point reactor.
Every sun is and also
every reactor core in one
of our ships: same
principle because it
is a mini-sun contained.
That is why it does
not extinguish.
>> So anything that a black hole
swallows doesn't get destroyed.
It is just moved?
>> It only gets moved.
It's just that something
relative comes into play here.
From the mathematical
perspective
of the external
observer, what enters
the black hole is
destroyed as it
is compressed to critical mass.
But from the
object's perspective,
it only changes in
dimension and frequency.
But relative to its internal
geometry, it remains intact.
What happens to the
object is relative.
Another point.
It is impossible to calculate
the size of a black hole
since its very
properties make it
impossible to measure
it width distance,
since that is just an illusion.
Therefore, from an
external perception,
it can eat objects
significantly larger
than itself because they become
distorted in relative size
as they get closer to the hole.
Therefore, a perceptually small
hole seen from the outside
can, from the close up, be the
size of an entire constellation
or even a galaxy.
There are no small ones
as they are described.
Having said that, there are
small ones because, let's say
that a small lizard
sunbathing on a rock
contains its
consciousness and is
in itself the product
of an energetic dynamic
identical to a black
hole, it is also a toroid.
Every consciousness creates
its world; its own universe
because it lives in its personal
interpretation of the universe.
Therefore, the lizard
and any other creature
is a portal to another universe,
its own lizard universe.
You are black holes,
metaphysically speaking,
portals to other worlds
other interpretations
of the universe.
>> What are black holes for,
and how are they produced?
>> They are points of greater
concentration of potential
energy, where it has curdled in
a very concentrated form with
the same dynamics as the
mechanics of manifestation.
In short, it is a being.
The sun is a being.
As every being, it is
an energetic toroid
as you too are.
But a tree is clearer as such.
They are sentient beings.
What are they for?
They serve to shorten
the travel time
of a ship from a distant place
to this one, for example.
You can note and
make a map of where
which entrances black holes
are and where they go.
>> Do they go anywhere you
program your ship to go,
or they all have a
specific exit point,
and you can't change that?
>> Inside, they connect to
wherever their energy mass
takes them to go.
They are connected to an exit
of equal strength, a star.
But inside, there is no
time, no space, no continuum.
Everything there is
connected to everywhere.
All the stars converged there
from the side of the ether.
So from any black hole,
theoretically, you
can exit from any star.
>> But it doesn't
depend on you, no?
Depends on its own
mechanism, right?
You can't direct it,
only to a certain level?
>> If you just follow the
main flow of the energy
of the engine, that's the
toroidal flow of the entire
system, half of it in
the side of the ether.
The other half in what you call
the material world or side,
then you would exit out
of one specific star.
But once in the
ether inside, that
would be equivalent to
being in hyperspace.
Knowing the energy print of the
area and the frequency dynamics
or dance of one
specific black hole,
you can change the
frequency of your ship,
your little ship's toroid.
And with that, it adds to
the frequency of the flow
of the black hole,
creating a shift
in the frequency
of your ship that
will alter your exit point
to another star closer
to your final destination.
This is how many races
navigate the cosmos.
But even for them, it is more
practical to enter the ether
system from a star and
exit from another star,
avoiding black holes as
their energy is too dominant
and tends to override
just about everything.
It is possible to
navigate a black hole,
but it's more complicated
than just using solar portals.
>> What do they serve besides
being used by the ships?
What do they exist for
from your perspective?
>> For the same reason a
cat exists, a dog, or you.
It is a being with an agenda.
It's all life and consciousness.
>> And what is its agenda?
>> There is no reason other than
to exist to experience being
a sun.
How it manifests
itself is a matter
of manifestation mechanics.
Space is not empty.
It is an energetic fluid.
That fluid is the
most important,
and it is the cause of
the existence of matter.
This fluid gives life.
This fluid is potential energy.
It is nothing more than water
in a very high vibratory state.
Consciousness starting
to materialize
becomes a fluid first.
Then it takes all
and any other shape
from there using
harmonics of a frequency
to create concentration
points you call hard matter.
Like ripples in a pond of
water, the potential energy
spreads and interacts
with other ripples.
In the pond, they can be
seen in two dimensions.
In space, in three
dimensions, not densities.
I'm talking about XYZ.
As a shock wave would
propagate in the depth
of the sea in the form
of circles, spheres.
A shock wave
interacts with others.
Sometimes, they become
bigger because they feed back
on themselves.
Constructive interference.
Sometimes, they
neutralize each other.
Destructive interference.
Now, when the shock
waves propagate
at a specific frequency,
frequency being understood
as the oscillation
between the crests
and the valleys in an
expanding energy wave,
a single frequency
harmonic is created.
The harmonic of a frequency
is comparable to music.
Perfect tones
mathematically intertwined.
An effect is produced
that is called
standing waves, which is
a point of concentration
of energy within a plane.
All the energy is
concentrated at that point.
With sufficient concentration,
the transformation
of potential energy
into hard matter
takes place, which there
is no such thing, just
constant potential
energy at that point.
If the frequency harmonic
is constant enough
and of sufficient
magnitude; volume,
a sun is produced,
which already is
an energy bomb between
the etheric side
and the physical side with a
3D humanized interpretation.
It is self-sustaining.
The planets that surround it.
The consciousnesses of
all creatures and beings
that inhabit it
and the sun itself
forms other constellations,
galaxies, cluster
of galaxies, the universe.
It goes beyond
human understanding
based on the observable,
on the empirical,
in what the
scientific method can
give because it does not see.
It does not understand
that there is more.
There is always more.
Everything is intertwined
and part of a whole.
A sun is not something
apart from other suns.
It is as an individual
and at the same time
forms a larger hole, the galaxy.
Those who use the suns and
black holes for transit
have ships that use propulsion.
They move through
space from point A
to point B. We Taygetans
do not use this.
So we don't exit from the
sun, which is not hot.
Going in through a black hole
and coming out through a sun
is low-tech.
It is using a
so-called wormhole.
We have a technology
that allows us
to make our own individual
wormhole tailored to our need.
Our ships produce it.
We do not use propulsion
other than for maneuvers.
The black hole is the
entrance to a wormhole.
A sun is the exit.
That is why it shines
because it emits
the electromagnetic energy it
absorbed on the other side.
It is the exact same principle
as one of our engines.
>> Could we be a sun, or we
don't have sufficient energy?
>> You are already a sun in an
energetic way as you are also
an energetic toroid, and you
function and live with the same
principles.
>> OK.
It is a living being.
Does it have intelligence
as we know it?
And does the Earth have the
intelligence as we know it?
>> My friend Aneeka of Temmer
can answer this question
for you.
>> Not as we know it.
It is of a different
nature because it is a sun.
Its consciousness is
much more expanded,
of very high densities,
and it includes
the sum of multiple
consciousnesses
as it happens with everything.
Once again, human science
misses this point.
A human being is the sum of
the collective consciousness
of the cells that compose
it and the associated
microorganisms in symbiosis.
And all of the human
beings compose as cells
together with the
consciousnesses
of other organisms, the
animals and the plants.
The cells that compose the
planetary consciousness
of the Earth.
And the Earth and
the other planets
compose in part that
of the sun as a sun.
Thus the consciousnesses
get added up
until they become a single
unified collective, universal
consciousness or the source.
[MUSIC PLAYING]